Migration of public as well as private repositories from one organization to another (#5)
infracloudio/docker-org-migrator: README.md

  ./org-repo-migrator.sh [OPTIONS] VALUE

  example (using short-args): 
  ./org-repo-migrator.sh -s=",source-organization" -d="destination-organization" -sr="repo 1 repo 2 ..repo n" -ip="true/false"
  ./org-repo-migrator.sh -s=",source-organization" -d="destination-organization" -sr="repo 1 repo 2 ..repo n" 

  example (using long-args):
  ./org-repo-migrator.sh -src=",source-organization" -dest="destination-organization" --skip-repos="repo 1 repo 2 ..repo n" --include-private="true/false"
  ./org-repo-migrator.sh -src=",source-organization" -dest="destination-organization" --skip-repos="repo 1 repo 2 ..repo n"

  Options:
  -s, --src               Name of the source organization from where the repository needs to be pulled for migration
  -d, --dest              Name of the destination organization where the repository needs to be migrated
  -sr, --skip-repos       List of repos to include for migration, if none is provided results in inclusion of all the repos

>   -ip, --include-private  Include private repos ( DEFAULT false )

Reviewer: We do need this flag to toggle whether we want to migrate private repos or not

Author: And this  what we want:

1. If flag is true, then only migrate private repos
2. if flag is flag then do migration only for public repos.

Are the above cases valid, please confirm ?

-sr/--skip-repos = List of repo names given in "", to skip for migration <br/>

> -ip/--include-private = provide "false", if only public repositories are to be migrated <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-ip/--include-private = (optional) if set true, private repos will also be migrated along with public repos <br/>
```
